fix: Fix float input default value coercion on big integers (#2090)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

## 🐛 Fixes

> ### Fix float input default value coercion on big integers ([Issue #2087](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2087))
> 
> The router will now correctly accept integers that dont fit in 32 bits as Float default values:
> 
> A supergraph schema that contains:
> ```graphql
>     input MyInputType {
>         a_float_input: Float = 9876543210
>     }
> ```
> 
> is now correctly accepted by the router.
> 
> By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2090
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Fix `Float` input-type coercion for default values with values larger than 32-bits ([Issue #2087](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2087))

A regression has been fixed which caused the Router to reject integers larger than 32-bits used as the default values on `Float` fields in input types.

In other words, the following will once again work as expected:

```graphql
input MyInputType {
    a_float_input: Float = 9876543210
}
```

By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2090

````
